Civil twilight seems to show much lower speeds in the presence of high precipitation events than
night time events.

This could possibly be due to traffic volumes but there is no way to verify this with the current data set available.

Civil twilight hours were determined from: https://www.timeanddate.com/sun/usa/sunrise?month=6&year=2018
------------

When split out by day of week, something very interesting occurs. Monday has very little precipitation.

Wednesday, Thursday, Friday show the most low speed events in the presence of precipitation.

------------

Need to determine the standard state of traffic under no precipitation conditions.

Speed states to characterize, what is the min, max, median, and variance for each?

Day & no rain
Night & no rain

Day & rain
Night & rain

-----------
a review of precipvspeeds_events.png reveals that a majority of the slow down events that occurred in the presence of 
precipitation shows significantly lower speeds at night. This was discovered when events were labeled as precip > 0 and speed <60.

The result is somewhat surprising, I would not have expected to see a majority of low speed/high precip events occurring at night
due to the inherit low volumes. Could it be that civil twilight is not the best classification and a finer scale is necessary?
A scale like night,morning(including typical work travel times), noonish, and evening?

It would be worthwhile to sum up the number of events per each classification from the figure above in order to normalize the
values in each.

In any case, need to develop some statistics about each of these classifications
	sum of each type
	avg speed
	avg precip
	variance
	std dev

Note: Variance weights outliers greater due to the square. This will help point out segments that have outliers.

Can you produce a kernel density plot for each?

When reviewing the event frequency, a particular location pops up at night. A google maps search makes it clear that bridge
construction was occuring near this location around this time. https://www.gxcontractor.com/equipment/article/13016765/road-building-at-night
corroborates the fact that bridge building is a night time venture, helping to explain the high number of slow downs at night.



CONSIDER HEXAGONAL/RECTANGULAR BINNING TO CLEAN UP SCATTER PLOTS. OR 2D DENSITY MAY BE GOOD